---
date: 2018-11-25
title: Skipping content
categories:
  - Common Questions
description:
type: Document
---

You: "I already know 3,473,598,921 kanji; can I just skip this stuff?"

Us: "Nope, sorry."

There's no way to speed up WaniKani or to skip the early levels, not even if you email us and promise to be our best friend.

There are a few reasons for this, though they may not be satisfactory to a master of kanji, such as yourself.

First, creating a testing protocol that's _actually_ good is really difficult. We could make a so-so one, but in general we err on the side of "making sure you truly know things before moving on."

Second, the whole system is built upon mnemonics that use a lot of made up radicals that you almost definitely haven't learned. This information is used all throughout WaniKani's sixty levels. To use WaniKani effectively, you need to learn these, which means starting at the beginning.

Third, if you are a master of kanji, we recommend you just go out there and read a lot of Japanese. That's your next step and you'll do just fine without WaniKani!

If you know some kanji (say, 100-200), then the first five levels or so should catch you up. That's about a month of time. In the grand scheme of learning the kanji, that's a drop in the bucket. Plus, we teach vocabulary too. Most likely, you'll be learning new information despite having a few hundred kanji under your belt. First three levels are free. Worst case, you'll get to review and reinforce your kanji knowledge without having to pay a cent.

Not sure how to level up? Read all about it [here]().
